Updatet readme, specially the complex setup part (#139)
juliushaertl/nextcloud-docker-dev: README.md

## Complex setup

In order to achieve a more complex dev environment with different branches of the server, follow the following manual steps:

##### 1. Clone and prepare the repository

> 1. Run the setup from the "Simple master setup" from above.
> 2. For this setup it is nessesary to do the steps that are descripte in the note from the "Simple master setup".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The following steps assume that you already have taken the steps that are described in the "Simple master setup" section.```

```

> cd workspace/server

Reviewer 2: I'm confused. The git clone way worked fine for me a while ago. 
You rewrote the tutorial to call boostrap.sh first and upgrade the setup to "complex" then?

Reviewer: I'd agree with @datenangebot that the complex setup is something that is rather building on top of the simple setup (with calling bootstrap.sh). Iirc this section was part of resolving the issues that @camilasan had when setting up stable branches but their bootstrap was already called.

Maybe the term complex setup is a bit confusing as it is still the same base setup that is required.

git fetch --unshallow
git config remote.origin.fetch "+refs/heads/*:refs/remotes/origin/*"
git fetch origin
pwd
cd ../..
```

> Please note the printing of the pwd command for step 3 as `REPO_PATH_SERVER`.

Reviewer: `REPO_PATH_SERVER` should be properly set already by the bootstrap.sh script, so I think this can be omitted.

cp example.env .env
```

```
cd workspace
pwd
cd ..
```
Please note the printing of the pwd command as `STABLE_ROOT_PATH`.

Please adjust in the `.env` file at least the `REPO_PATH_SERVER` with the value from #1 and the `STABLE_ROOT_PATH` from the last command above.
If you have apps you like to mount to all running nextcloud versions in this setup, just set the `ADDITIONAL_APPS_PATH`. 

> Note, this is not recommended for apps that have individual versions for different server versions. But that could be a good place to mount your apps you are working on to test them accross different server versions.

Reviewer: `STABLE_ROOT_PATH` and `ADDITIONAL_APPS_PATH` should have a proper default value so on new installations this would no longer be needed and the values set during bootstrap.sh would work fine.

Reviewer: (As introduced with 12d15a8c41e72d551c190bb3379c49b60bdafc2e)

**Server part**

*Example for Nextcloud Server version 25*

```
cd workspace/server
git worktree add ../stable25 stable25
cd ../..
```

As in the `server` folder, the `3rdparty` submodule is needed:
```
cd workspace/stable25
git submodule update --init
cd ../..
```

The same can be done for stable24, stable25... and so on.
Minimum version is stable16.

**Apps part**

Git worktrees can also be used to have a checkout of an apps stable brach within the server stable directory.

```
cd workspace/server/apps-extra/text
git worktree add ../../../stable25/apps-extra/text stable25
cd ../../../..
```

Since the viewer app is kind of required for Nextcloud server, you should also add that to the stable worktrees:

```
cd workspace/server/apps/viewer
git worktree add ../../../stable25/apps/viewer stable25
cd ../../../..
```

> It is recommanded to use the `apps-extra` folder for apps that have individual branches for different server versions. For apps that are mutiple server versions supporting you you can use the `apps-shared` folder. It will be mountet to all stable versions. Just set it in the `.env` file from #3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommanded to use the `apps-extra` folder for apps that have individual branches for different server versions. For apps that are mutiple server versions supporting you you can use the `apps-shared` folder. It will be mountet to all stable versions. This folder is located in `data/apps-shared` by default.
```

##### 5. Editing `/etc/hosts`

We need to add the domains for all the stable versions into your `/etc/hosts` file. 
But they will only work, if you setup und started the related container, look at #7.

```

> sudo sh -c "echo '127.0.0.1 stable16.local' >> /etc/hosts"

Reviewer: Nothing for now but this could get replaced by a small helper script to update the hosts file as discussed in https://github.com/juliushaertl/nextcloud-docker-dev/issues/128
